capital = 341

oob = "TRT"

set_research_slots = 3

add_ideas = {
	party_pop_0_30
	civilian_economy
	export_focus
	volunteer_only
	parliamentary_republic
}

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
	last_election = "1935.9.8"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
  vanguardist = 0
  collectivist = 0
  libertarian_socialist = 0
  social_democrat = 0
  social_liberal = 26
  market_liberal = 5
  social_conservative = 5
  authoritarian_democrat = 39
  paternal_autocrat = 0
  national_populist = 0
  valkist = 25
}

set_convoys = 20

set_stability = 0.55
set_war_support = 0.55

recruit_character = TRT_Şefik_Husnu_Bey
recruit_character = TRT_Hikmet_Bey
recruit_character = TRT_Reşad_Fuad_Bey
recruit_character = TRT_Hasan_Ali_Bey
recruit_character = TRT_Abdulmecid_II
recruit_character = TRT_Ali_Adnan_Bey
recruit_character = TRT_Mehmed_Cavid_Bey
recruit_character = TRT_Mustafa_İsmet_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Huseyin_Nihal_Bey
recruit_character = TRT_Mustafa_Fevzi_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_İsmail_Hakkı_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Omer_Fahreddin_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Mehmet_Kazım_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Cemil_Cahid_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Mustafa_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Huseyin_Rauf_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Necdet_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Hasan_Ali_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Ali_Fethi_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Ali_Kemal_Bey
recruit_character = TRT_Prens_Sabahaddin_Efendi
recruit_character = TRT_Musa_Kazım_Karabekir_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Ali_Şukru_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Shakib_Arslan
recruit_character = TRT_Mehmed_Vehip_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Mustafa_Kemal_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Huseyin_Selahattin_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Huseyin_Nihal_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Ali_Fuad_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Haqqi_al_Azm
recruit_character = TRT_Kopruluzade_Mehmed_Fuad_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Rıza_Nur_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Hashim_al_Atassi
recruit_character = TRT_Muhammed_Hamdi_Yazır
recruit_character = TRT_Filibeli_Hilmi_Bey
recruit_character = TRT_Huseyin_Numan_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Mehmed_Şukru_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Selahattin_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Tevfik_Ruştu_Bey
recruit_character = TRT_Fahrettin_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Suleyman_Şefik_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Ahmed_Necdet_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Zeki_Velidi_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Berc_Keresteciyan_Bey
recruit_character = TRT_Hacı_Omer_Bey
recruit_character = TRT_Huseyin_Husnu_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Mahmud_Celal_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Mehmet_Fahrettin_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Mustafa_Abdulhalik_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Zuhtu_Hilmi_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Abdulmuhsin_el_Sadun_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Hasan_Husnu_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Kara_Kemal_Bey
recruit_character = TRT_Mehmed_Şakir_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Mustafa_Şeref_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Reşad_Muhlis_Bey
recruit_character = TRT_Şevket_Raşid_Bey
recruit_character = TRT_Sırrı_Bey
recruit_character = TRT_Mehmed_Nuri_Bey
recruit_character = TRT_Mehmed_Şefik_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Ağaoglu_Ahmed_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Feridun_Fikri_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_İbrahim_Refik_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Bekir_Refik_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Refik_Şevket_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Mustafa_Sabri_Effendi
recruit_character = TRT_Ahmed_Naci_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Ali_Rıza_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Kazım_Fikri_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Mehmed_Şemsettin_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Mustafa_Necati_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Yunus_Nadi_Bey
recruit_character = TRT_Mehmed_Recep_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Sadri_Maksudi_Bey
recruit_character = TRT_Yusuf_Kemal_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Mehmed_Cemal_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Kazim_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Salih_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Asım_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Cemil_Cahit_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Fakhri_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Mahmud_Muhtar_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Şukru_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_İrfan_Bey
recruit_character = TRT_Vecihi_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Ahmet_Ali_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_Şakir_Fevzi_Paşa
recruit_character = TRT_İsmail_Şefik_Bey
recruit_character = TRT_The_General_Assembly
recruit_character = TRT_Ahmed_IV
recruit_character = TRT_Osman_IV
recruit_character = TRT_Yusuf_Hikmet_Bey
recruit_character = TRT_Kadir_Bey
recruit_character = TRT_Hasan_Bey
recruit_character = TRT_Aslan_Bey
recruit_character = TRT_Adnan_Menderes
recruit_character = TRT_Hasan_Ali_Yucel
recruit_character = TRT_Kazım_Orbay
recruit_character = TRT_Cemil_Cahit_Toydemir
recruit_character = TRT_Mustafa_Muğlalı
recruit_character = TRT_Omer_Faruk_Efendi
recruit_character = TRT_Osman_Bey
